---
layout: post
title: Why OODA?
---

I'm offering you a better way to build your product.  It's a way free from
unnecessary risk and failure.  You may have read the Lean Startup.  That's
Great!  It doesn't answer all the questions though.  I'm here to help you build
your MVP and get it off the ground.

You might or might not be a startup.  You might be a part of a big company.
Chances are, though, that you are under-funded and under pressure to deliver
results.  You're probably falling back on your habit of upfront planning on a
bet-the-company project.  I'm going to tell you why that won't work.  And, more
importantly, I'm going to tell you what you can do instead.

When the startup I worked for was acquired in 2010, we took the opportunity to
start doing real agile development.  You probably think that this is going to
be a story about how big of a disaster that was.  Spoiler: It actually worked!
In fact, our director (from the big acquirer) said our next release was the
first project he'd seen come in on time.  Of course, this means the corporate
immune system had to shut it down.

Does this sound familiar? Does it make you feel just a little bit hopeless?
Angry?  Probably.  It's ok, that's just how big projects work.  It's also why
bet-the-company is usally a bad bet and why Lean Startup is so important.

You're expecting a solution right now.  That's fair.  I did promise one.  This
is going to be a long journey, but, I hope, it will be a fruitful one.  Please,
join me.
